you want to know how to prevent
aliens to invade the earth
rule number 1 use gadgets
rule number 2 recognize the aliens
disguised as humans
rule number 3 keep calm
the best is to call the nbc yes ben
cic do not use it on the spot
new heroes pis know thani 4 y
find the monster buster club
new heroes my monster heroes
buster club non katy age 537 in sign
particular allies who did not forget to
to say that I am I am misleading and
acts are the favorite expression
yes that is downright disgusting
invited her biggest secret she has
kissed his cousin on the mouth
it's true mbc welcome to the club
favorite monster me I love you do not have
babies Yagg pita time nova
I want the crunchy
but be careful not to leave
cookies because otherwise it's m
magical
how to recognize an alien first the
allies often have a weird appearance
as proven by the French who lives
all the time we do not have fun all
the teachers say that they are not all
aliens a weird aspect it's by
example have four group i in
rubber of bright eyes you are and
to spit smoke that's not a
alien stood a car my heroes the
monster buster club chris 12 years
abilities it's the brains of the band
I won the contest since school
three years in a row with very high honors
well
the elder nene
a particular whatever the
crisis situation always has a plan
but he also knows how to be cool and dull a
little my style is me the new
terror where you know you have on mbc
welcome to the club
favorite monster my favorite is not
very sure winner especially when he gets
transforms to gan discusses we do these
nuggets and salt water during the hours
working to do even if it's wrong
it's a bit too sticky how
recognize an alien new lesson in
10 alien observe tamami if when you
get angry she reacts like that a
dynamic the why of the mustache
so your grandma you're worth it if she's
give a trowel it's just a real
grandmother who does not want to hear
speak your mustache my seat
who is hiding behind a lens
great
or a baby who gets on your nerves
and
but you have to
bleeding chili wah wah wah wah
stay
it's ok
he
and I believe that of case but the
wise of the city to see everything hi
everybody